okay so I'm checking out this a new
camera it's a samsung with a model named
samsung memory cam it basically once on
flash memory in this case for gig SD
card so I'm checking the video quality
i'm using a setting that's optimal for
night children Sam indoors and I'm
actually shooting against the light so
I'm just want to check how this camera
captures it all I can see myself through
the swivel screen right here says I'm
not looking at the directly at you right
over there i'm looking at this room at
the at myself here at the screen yeah
and then so far liking what I see at the
same time I also have to check the audio
since this camera doesn't have a an
earphone headphone jacks I won't be able
to hear the audio as i'm recording or
even when i play it back because it only
has a speaker so I'm gonna listen to it
like on the computer when I play it back
so there we go wish me luck I hope it's
i hope the quality is perfect bye
okay so while we're watching this video
I'm just gonna talk is through
everything that not exactly everything
with my experience so far with the
Samsung memory camcorder if you notice a
little faded effect earlier s this scene
opened up that that wasn't done in
post-production or I didn't edit that
into the footage the camera itself has a
fade and fade out function so as you
shoot your videos there's going to be
that little fade in effect at the
beginning and a little fade out effect
at the end you can actually choose
between having both or just one and what
else that the Africa the camera is the
built-in microphone of this particular
camcorders eyes are pretty strong I
actually edited the video here so we
won't listen to a lot of noise is coming
in from the outside all the ambient
external noise that we should really
pick up Oh notice the depth of field
here the the focus there okay anyway so
yeah thankfully though the camera itself
also has a wind cut function so like
wind noises and it tends to be what's
the word filtered out of the footage
here I'm testing some of the zoom
functions and daylight and nighttime
sitting at the ground while I was
shooting this and I thought my cats
would be a very very nice and very cute
a subject near they are displaying this
is of course the Christmas Eve the
morning of Christmas Eve like the day
after i got this camera
I thought I'd just take it for a spin
check out how it's not how it really
performs and daylight and it did so far
so good you know watch out for this one
you have these two beautiful orange cats
one has no practical no tail when it's a
longer tail and you switch for the
pounds there you go that was my voice
laughing or rather giggling while I was
shooting this turnover just the camera
also like go sending out of focus every
now and then and just like what happened
there it's because this camera has
enough I has well I think a lot of
cameras there's the auto focus function
what's amazing though is that this camp
can't go to also have a manual focus
setting whoops hold on here we go so
this is second footage I didn't use the
fade and fade out function there
I did use just a transition effect there
was a cab if you I hope you heard that
there was a cat and the other cats were
responding to it anyway I didn't use the
fade and fade out function there but I
hope you noticed that transition effect
that's courtesy of in tally studio which
is the cameras built n Movie Editor a
video editor the thing is though I did
mention its built-in each plug the
camera through a USB port on the
computer and this program within the
camera it launches itself so you can
edit your footage like what I did here
um this is good because the camera had
to be shootin MPEG format directly in
MPEG format which a lot of video editors
including a simple ones like Windows
Movie Maker can't really handle they
can't import the format they can't
export the format so until I student
else to do it's perfect because it can
actually you can actually edit mp4 it's
right off the bat right now I'm what I'm
doing what I have so far done is and put
this particular dubbing we have the
black screen and the text earlier at the
beginning of this video that you've seen
all the texts that have been coming in
like with with the dates and all
translation effects there are also a
bunch of movie effects if we can do can
I can put up put in a sepia filter this
and fine tuning i can increase the
brightness and all these things pretty
basic but it would work you know just
for sharing and let's see we have a cat
behind me there you go while I was
shooting the video so yeah so far this
cameras feel good i've used it to take
videos of a lot of events already so
yeah there you go
you